Read it first, then write.
Respected Town Hall, hello.
For Mr. Huo Jiuling
and Ms. Qi Lingling's
marriage registration ceremony,
I strongly object to this marriage.
My reasons are as follows:
My friend, Ms. Catherine, one year ago
met and fell in love with Mr. Huo Jiuling.
Mr. Huo Jiuling promised to marry Catherine
and
Ms. Catherine is currently
three months pregnant.
However, Mr. Huo Jiuling is now marrying another woman while Catherine is pregnant.
He is abandoning her during her pregnancy,
and marrying another woman.
This is completely
disregarding the fact that Catherine is still pregnant.
I sincerely hope
the Town Hall will reject
Mr. Huo Jiuling's
and Ms. Qi's marriage registration.